1、 What ycloud should abide by
1.1 from now on, it is forbidden to resell any content (including free and paid).
2、 What you need to abide by
2.1 for the purpose of self use, it can be used for profit-making or non-profit projects without any restrictions.
2.2 for the purpose of self-use, the source code of the program can be arbitrarily modified under the premise of retaining the copyright logo, but not for public distribution.
2.3 it is forbidden to destroy our commercial activities in any way (including but not limited to operating services of the same type and nature as ours after collecting our source code).
2.4 users are prohibited from using us to publish, transmit, disseminate and store contents that violate national laws, endanger national security, social stability, public order and good customs, or any improper, insulting, defamatory, obscene, violent and any content that violates national laws, regulations and policies.
2.5 users are forbidden to use us to make, publish and disseminate software that users steal relevant or other software and other exclusive information and property.
3、 No change release or integration of ycloud
3.1 we welcome and thank you for publishing the castle tower on your personal website, corporate website or other third-party websites.
3.2 ycloud welcome and thank you for integrating ycloud into other installation packages, including but not limited to: cloud service ECS image, server integration, international service open service package, etc. (but not limited to: payment, reward and other behaviors are not allowed).
3.3 when publishing or integrating ycloud, users are not allowed to make any changes to the source code.
4、 Intellectual property declaration
Ycloud is developed by the ycloud development team. Ycloud's intellectual property rights and all information content related to ycloud, including but not limited to: text, graphics, interface design, layout framework and relevant data are protected by relevant intellectual property laws and regulations of the people's Republic of China. Except for the content authorized by a third party, ycloud team enjoys the above intellectual property rights.
5、 Disclaimer
5.1 if the user uses ycloud voluntarily, you must understand the risk of using the software. Ycloud makes no warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the direct, indirect, incidental, special and subsequent damages and risks caused by the user's use or inability to use fortress under any circumstances. Fortra company does not assume any responsibility.
five point two Users are aware of the particularity of Internet software. Like most Internet software, fortra is affected by factors including but not limited to user reasons, network service quality, social environment and other factors. For example, users download and install other software or visit other websites containing "Trojan horse" virus, which threatens the user's computer information and number Users should strengthen the protection of information security and use data to avoid loss
5.3 if the user violates the national laws and regulations due to the use of ycloud, the ycloud team shall not bear any responsibility.
6、 Exceptions
6.1 if you can't meet your requirements for using the software, you can contact us for business cooperation.
7、 Termination of contract
7.1 if the user violates any of the terms of this agreement, this license agreement will be automatically terminated. If the user's behavior damages the rights of ycloud or any other third party, ycloud reserves the right to investigate the responsibility through legal means.
8、 Other clauses
8.1 if any provision of this agreement is partially or completely invalid, the validity of other terms shall not be affected.
8.2 the interpretation, validity and dispute settlement of the agreement shall be governed by the laws of the people's Republic of China. In case of any dispute or dispute between the user and ycloud, it shall be settled through friendly negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the user fully agrees to submit the dispute or dispute to the jurisdiction of Shanghai municipal court where the ycloud development team is located.
8.3 ycloud reserves the right to interpret this agreement
